---
layout: post
title: "21 Means A New Year"
description: "New Year"
comments: true
site.postshare_enabled: true
keywords: "blog"
---
Well if you've read the post title and the last one, i'm trying to connect the two but i'm just bad at doing stuff like that. 

For example this year for English, we read both Animal Farm and Julius Caesar. In both, we "had to" (well not had to more like if we did = better paper), tie our thesis statement to the real world. In both, I talked about how the people in Julius Caesar had been manipulated by Antony because they had only heard part of the story. Then I tied that to how we as people should find multiple sources for news instead of following one because the world'll just become more polarized. In the Animal Farm paper, I was about to do the same thing because I had no other ideas, but then I bs'ed it by showing how as some countries are isolated from the whole world which allows the leaders to brainwash them, just like animal farm. This is basically the same idea, and only idea i kinda have about these two books.

I was reading some of my past papers and I feel like it's gotten easier to write papers if you like plan out stuff first and then you just need to type it and edit a bit and you're done. I used to just like go with the flow, putting in random details here and there. This planning has gotten into my everyday life, where I just put stuff i wanna do on a piece of paper and check it off instead of using Trello which is harder to access than a piece of paper ( and harder to customize ). If there's one thing I learn from 2020, it'll probably be the ability to plan better. 

This year has been quite a crazy year. The first picture I took was on 1/1 2020 was from the airplane and it was like the sun coming out of the hills and like it was quite nice. As I mentioned before, I'm not quite good at these like deep thinking things. I guess the sun rising was like a feel good moment. Although 2020 has been different, I think it's been one of the best. I met new friends, got interested in new things, and started a blog so i can read back on how immature and how bad at grammar i was a few months ago :P

A thing that happened recently was BIMO which is basically a competition i wrote with 2 other ppl for my discord server. It's around APMO difficulty ish so yeah. If you wanna participate/learn more, the first round (3 problems 1 week) is due January 4th 2021 (yay 2021) and the second round will be released then too. You can find a bit more by joining the discord server and spam pinging me (Charge#3766). Also if you'd like to help in future ones you can also spam DM me. You can click the link when you scroll down and click the contact me thing.

This year was supposed to be a great year for me in sports, I was about to go to a badminton open in Chicago/Boston (can't remember) w/ my club during spring break but then virus happened. I've probably become worse at badminton, but I hope my 手感(hand feeling english direct translation) is still there (basically means skill). 

Making new friends has been something I really enjoyed because the only two times I can meet new people is either at Winter/Summer Camp which is only for like a few weeks anyways. Now with discord i can meet ppl with the same interests as me anytime i want. I've learned quite a bit from them and hope to continue doing so.

Overall, this year has been great. I've found a new appreciation for subjects, and friends that share that appreciation. Although it's quite crazy that the year is already over, let's hope for a better 2021 :)

